code_of_conduct.md, before:

Short version:

We, the undersigned, are dedicated to a harassment-free community for everyone.

Medium version:

We, the undersigned, are dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form. Participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the community at the discretion of the organizers of the undersigned groups.

Harassment includes offensive verbal or written comments related to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs, deliberate intimidation, threats, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Sexual language and imagery is not approprate for any events at the undersigned meetups or in any related communication channels. Community members asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors and presenters are also subject to the anti-harassment policy.

If a community member engages in harassing behavior, the organizers of the undersigned organizations  may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the community. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any concerns, please contact the undersigned organizers immediately.

Commit message:

Updated text and added in Ohana.js/Nodeschool.

code_of_conduct.md, after:

# Code of Conduct

We, the undersigned, are dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form. Participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the community at the discretion of the organizers of the undersigned groups.

Harassment includes offensive verbal or written comments related to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, body size, race, nationality, or religious beliefs, deliberate intimidation, threats, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Sexual language and imagery is not approprate for any events at the undersigned meetups or in any related communication channels. Community members asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors and presenters are also subject to the anti-harassment policy.

If a community member engages in harassing behavior, the organizers of the undersigned organizations  may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the community. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any concerns, please contact your event's organizer immediately.

## Current Meetups and their organizers.

### Ohana.js/Nodeschool:

* Organizers: George Lee
* Meetup URL: http://www.facebook.com/groups/ohanajs

**If you have questions or feedback about this Code of Conduct please contact one of the organizers.**

The organizers of the above communities developed this Code of Conduct to govern their respective events and communication channels. We used [PDX Python's anti-harassment policy](http://www.meetup.com/pdxpython/pages/Code_of_Conduct/) and the [Geek Feminism Conference anti-harassment policy](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy) as a starting point. This Code of Conduct, like its inspirations, is licensed under the [Creative Commons Zero license](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
